How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing the diff between two files helped find the bug by isolating the differences 
    between the two files and limiting the scope of muy search to just items I could be sure had changed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Yes, considerably more efficient.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: 
      Changes are meaningful, where autosave is unlikely to produce versions that are functional
      Developer is in control of when commits occur
      Autosave would preclude things like commit messages that explain the changes in the version
    Cons:
      Prone to user error - you can easily forget to commit

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because version control systems are typically designed with code in mind, and software frequently uses
    multiple files that work tightly together or are somehow interrelated

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log allows you to see the revision history of the file
    git diff allows you to see the changes between two revisions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If a change breaks something it's easy to determine when the bug was introduced and use diff to 
    find the changes associated with the bug. Additionally; in a production environment with multiple coders
    if a bug causes problems for other developers it's easy to simply revert to the previous version until 
    the bug can be fixed.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Personal prjects and classroom assignments